Tested on Magento 2.2.5.

## Exam

### Question
What are two ways to install a module in Magento?

### Answers

Choose two.

#### Use the Web Setup Wizard.

CORRECT: This is an area in the Magento 2 Admin, like the Magento Connect area of the Magento 1 Admin, that lets administrators install extensions (and do other things) from inside the Magento 2 Admin. 

The Web Setup Wizard is accessed from Admin, System, Tools, Web Setup Wizard. However, if the docroot is `pub/` and no setup URL variable has been set, then a plugin is used to remove the link from the menu (see `\Magento\Backend\Model\Setup\MenuBuilder::afterGetResult`).

#### Create a directory in vendor/ and copy the modules files into it.

INCORRECT: This is a red herring. Whilst it is possible to install modules using Composer (nay, it's recommended), , that's not what this answer is suggesting.

Anything inside `vendor/` is managed exclusively by Composer and should not be modified. Any changes may be lost whenever the `composer install` or `composer update` commands are run.

#### Add the module’s information into composer.lock.

INCORRECT: This is a red herring. Whilst it is possible to install modules using Composer (nay, it's recommended), that's not what this answer is suggesting. 

Anything inside `composer.lock` is generated by Composer and should not be modified. Any changes may be lost whenever the `composer install` or `composer update` commands are run.

#### Place the module’s files into app/code.

CORRECT: This method of module installation is suitable for modules which do not use Composer.

### Further notes

It is also possible, of course, to install a module using Composer (nay, it's recommended) by defining it as a dependency in `composer.json`. That's not an available answer to this particular question, however, hence why it is not one of the two correct answers.

## Disclaimer
This module is intended as a learning aid only and is not intended for use in production systems.

## Copyright
&copy; 2019 ProcessEight
