Tested on Magento 2.2.5.

## Exam

### Question
You have created a controller in `app/code/MyCompany/MyModule/Controller/Index/Test.php`. Additionally, you have specified the following `etc/frontend/routes.xml` configuration:
```xml
<router id="standard">
   <route id="my_route" frontName="test">
       <module name="MyCompany_MyModule" />
   </route>
</router>
```

What is the name of the layout XML file that you need to create to add content to this new page?

### Answers

#### myRoute_test_index.xml
INCORRECT: Well, this is just all kinds of wrong. Magento doesn't modify the value of the id attribute of the route node. 

Additionally all layout files use lower-cased file names (@todo By convention or by design?).

#### test_index_test.xml
INCORRECT: A red herring answer. The `frontName` attribute of the route node is not used to generate layout XML file names, as appears to be the case here.

Whilst the `index_test.xml` portion of the file name is correct, the first part should use the id attribute of the route node, i.e. `my_route`.

#### my_route_index_test.xml
CORRECT: The layout XML file name is generated by Magento by taking the route ID, controller subfolder and Controller Action file name. This is why both the Controller Action file path and the Config XML snippet is given in the question.

#### mycompany_mymodule_index_test.xml
INCORRECT: A red herring answer. The module name has nothing to do with generating the file name of the layout XML file. 

Whilst the `index_test.xml` portion of the file name is correct, the first part should use the id attribute of the route node, i.e. `my_route`.

## Disclaimer
This module is intended as a learning aid only and is not intended for use in production systems.

## Copyright
&copy; 2019 ProcessEight
